ladies and gentlemen while we are after dinner
owned for the small of the way not you
today the seventh day you are like loshara
I walk like a real loshara I walk because
what I want the last time to go to the beach and
I don't care
and I don’t care about real food
I will taste the last day
Turkish wines you see on many people
hello how everyone looks at me
so they know me well, let's be two
million views
two million views will be maxim
Doshi Taste Turkish wines Look this
yet anything and flew you do not have to
shoot me see buddy mean
look retake the blackish say
so here we have some wine cutting
some sort of red and white wine
red wine here i will last day
try now
see how much wine you see at all
touched zhigan
how do you see a guy jigan feat like
all timati levers
your so let's say goodbye now
we try
dead people remember
now i will hammer it that matter
a cocktail
also somehow or vodka forfeit and lamprey so
so 1 pack of 2 white wine buddy
come on come on let's do a sale
check I will shoot you come on
come on, that is, this is 5 videos
plus minus is some kind of Turkish
white wine then white Turkish wine
which will be reviewed
home things we love this time I will show
everyone wants it turned out you know in
Russia
you do not know so now we drink what else
I sleep white wine now need wine
football cocktail with forts can
up there with you
you take the throne people look at me
it is also interesting to come
paint
red and white come on come on I can
so here so as red white them
even now our hotel and talking about it
about laziness and giant porsche
I will say that Oleg is a giant of help
what people like a good menu
he carried comprehend 90 here is this ridge ridge
okay 90
understandable red white to what room
we pay as our favorite damage said
live at someone else's expense clinic yazhennik for
someone else's police account you know then my
even sober drinkers and I drink
Look no species at all times they
capital handsome say
azim
but when we still red wine mena that
no kids like more
so I can all
see what more views such
cocktail
there are already all the people all have all the vodka
flank is to know about sex on the beach
Well, let's go on tape
she went to bed
so bring all the friends thank you for me
after which you need a lot of memory
Well, in general, everything is shorter here two million
views provided to me and I know you
all of you are all shooting me
then no power
consider us such a blatant bitch took
I did not get this case out of business
was pulled out was pull see
okay all poker is no longer interesting all i
I'll be back
experience